[Music]
all right my brothers listen closely
tonight we make the Trojans pay
ten years of war they killed us slowly
and I will be the ones who slay
wives and your children
your families wonder where you've been
growing old and yet you're still here
what I say and you'll see them again
normal flank The Yards better layers
will let on me through the gates to take
the whole city at large children will
shoot any Ambush attacking little late
Jacks will stay back Nestor secure Hell
in a protector Leo avenge your father
kill the brothers of Hector
iPhone
Penelope
foreign
[Music]
who was that
a vision
of what is to come cannot be outrun can
only be dealt with Right Here and Now
tell me how I don't think you're ready
kill someone's son a foe who won't run
unlike anyone you have faced before
say no more I know that I'm ready I
don't think you're ready
[Music]
it's just an infant
it's just a boy
what sort of imminent threat does he
pose that I cannot avoid
this is the son of none other than
Troy's very own Prince Hector know that
he will grow from a boy to an Avenger
one fumed with rage as you're consumed
by age if you don't end him now you'll
have no one left to say you can say
goodbye to
you can say goodbye
[Music]
please don't make me do this don't make
me do this
your blood on your hands is something
you won't lose all you can choose is